VS Code container development samples (#17)
dapr/samples: vscode-dev-setup/README.md

The goal of all development environment setup is to make developer adoption as simple as possible. A term for this is "The F5 Manifesto", which means that a developer should be able to install minimal dependencies, pull the source repo, and press F5 to build and start debugging. The samples in this section come close to achieving that goal. After configuring your host machine with Docker Desktop or Docker CE, each sample should be debuggable by pulling the source code, running a VS Code command to attach to the development container, and then and pressing F5 from the attached instance of VS Code.

## Concepts

Dapr provides a simple way to develop an application built from a single component: install Dapr and your development tools on a machine (physical machine, virtual machine, or container), then debug the application using the Dapr CLI.

> If your application is composed of multiple components, especially when multiple platforms and languages are required, then additional setup is needed in order to debug the whole application. For example, if a web application written in node.js is posting messages to Dapr's pub/sub servce, and a separate Python app is processing those messages, you will have to run and debug two separate components. Depending on your application, putting all frameworks and tools on a single development machine may make sense, or you may need to separate each component onto it's own isolated development machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application is composed of multiple components, especially when multiple platforms and languages are required, then additional setup is needed in order to debug the whole application. For example, if a web application written in Node.js is posting messages to Dapr's pub/sub service, and a separate Python app is processing those messages, you will have to run and debug two separate components. Depending on your application, putting all frameworks and tools on a single development machine may make sense, or you may need to separate each component onto its own isolated development machine.
```

(https://nodejs.org/static/documents/trademark-policy.pdf)

### Development Containers

VS Code provides flexibility in setting up environments, including the ability to specify a container for development. VS Code will build and attach to the container, which has all the necessary tools and platforms installed and configured. When a development container is defined and VS Code debugging configuration is provided, developers can pull the latest source code to their machine, invoke the VS Code command to build and attach to the development container, then press F5 to build and debug the component. This type of configuration minimizes the steps to get developers started, and reduces the variations among developer machines.

For more information, see the VS Code documentation on [developing inside a container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)

## Sample Development Configurations

### Single Development Container

> This diagram shows a host machine with a single development container, with other containers on the host machine for Dapr placement, Redis, and Dapr metrics (zipkin). The Docker network and the containers for Dapr, Redis, and Zipkin are created using Docker Compose. This development machine configuration may be convenient if all applictions use the same platform technologies. This configuration is not good for applications that use many different platforms and is especially poor for applications in which individual components need to use different versions of a platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This diagram shows a host machine with a single development container, with other containers on the host machine for Dapr placement, Redis, and Dapr metrics (zipkin). The Docker network and the containers for Dapr, Redis, and Zipkin are created using Docker Compose. This development machine configuration may be convenient if all applications use the same platform technologies. This configuration is not good for applications that use many different platforms and is especially poor for applications in which individual components need to use different versions of a platform.
```
